one two a one two three the shark head
pearlitic dare and it shows them only
weights just a jackknife eyes Maggie the
big eyes it keeps its eyes did you know
where that shower fights with its teeth
their scarlet below the scar to spray
fancy gloves though
where's old Maggie he did so there's a
lever never a trace of red
Oh
with sunday sunday my life is a body
just as in life someone's sneaking while
the car tell me could that someone be
Mac tonight
oh there's tugboat ah I'm Dan by the
river with a seaman Bay just troop
another flat see human is just it's bad
wait then Oh five will get you ten
is back in town
he disappeared
Oh
over his bed
just like I said
tell me could that boy
the
Oh
Bobby Darin
strong they
Oh
whoo
just
he
Oh
so
oh yes we son
for
we told you look out
bad